Hahahaha where do we kill
No grass grows anywhere
As long as you surrender now
We can consider stopping several times.
We can't surrender
That's right, we will never surrender
The prophecy came true
The lobster is dying.
God, help downstairs
God, save the lobster
Hahahahaha
What a bunch of waste
Instead of having beautiful fantasies
Take up arms.
array
Let all the Heaven Dou People's Army go to the front line to fight
Yes
Linze, stop daydreaming
With your Heaven Dou Legion
They were no match for the Nine Nations
I suggest you just give up and capture it
In that case
I can still make you a dog by my side
Wretched villains don't deserve to talk to me
Is that general qualified to talk to you?
First cousin uncle and second cousin
Killed by the remnants of this neighbor
The remnant of the neighbor dares to kill my father and brother
I will make you pay today